README.md, before:


# ProCon.IP Remote Control

![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ylabonte/procon-ip-rc)
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/ylabonte/procon-ip-rc)  
[![Dependency Status](https://img.shields.io/david/ylabonte/procon-ip-rc.svg)](https://david-dm.org/ylabonte/procon-ip-rc)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/ylabonte/procon-ip-rc/badge.svg)](https://snyk.io/test/github/ylabonte/procon-ip-rc)  
[![CodeQL](https://github.com/ylabonte/procon-ip-rc/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ylabonte/procon-ip-rc/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml)
[![Total alerts](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/alerts/g/ylabonte/procon-ip-rc.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/ylabonte/procon-ip-rc/alerts/)
[![Language grade: JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/javascript/g/ylabonte/procon-ip-rc.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/ylabonte/procon-ip-rc/context:javascript)

An easy-to-use Mobile First app for the ProCon.IP pool controller, for controlling the relays 
and view all relevant information at a glance.

As soon as the project reaches a usable state, this documentation will be updated as well.

_This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli)_  
_and visualized with [Angular Material](https://material.angular.io/)._

## Test server

Run `npm run start:pwa` for a pwa compatible test server. Navigate to `http://localhost:8080/`.

## Development server

~~Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.~~
The development server does not really work for progressive web apps.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Add basic ci/cd workflow

README.md, after:


# ProCon.IP Remote Control

![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ylabonte/procon-ip-rc)
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/ylabonte/procon-ip-rc)  
[![Dependency Status](https://img.shields.io/david/ylabonte/procon-ip-rc.svg)](https://david-dm.org/ylabonte/procon-ip-rc)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/ylabonte/procon-ip-rc/badge.svg)](https://snyk.io/test/github/ylabonte/procon-ip-rc)  
[![CodeQL](https://github.com/ylabonte/procon-ip-rc/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ylabonte/procon-ip-rc/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml)
[![Total alerts](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/alerts/g/ylabonte/procon-ip-rc.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/ylabonte/procon-ip-rc/alerts/)
[![Language grade: JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/javascript/g/ylabonte/procon-ip-rc.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/ylabonte/procon-ip-rc/context:javascript)

An easy-to-use Mobile First app for the ProCon.IP pool controller, for controlling the relays 
and view all relevant information at a glance.

Part of this project is a workflow implemented via Github Actions that builds the current master 
state of this repo and pushes the result to a separate repo, from where the app is then published 
via Github Pages.  
See: https://procon-ip.labonte.cloud/

As soon as the project reaches a usable state, this documentation will be updated as well.

_This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli)_  
_and visualized with [Angular Material](https://material.angular.io/)._

## Test server

Run `npm run start:pwa` for a pwa compatible test server. Navigate to `http://localhost:8080/`.

## Development server

~~Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.~~
The development server does not really work for progressive web apps.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
